---
title: "Prospects Overview"
articleID: 1561
category: "Use Neto > Customers > Overview - Customers"
knowledgeBase: "Neto By Maropost"
---

# Prospects Overview

**Prospects** are customers who have registered for an account on your Neto webstore, but have not been approved to login and buy from your site yet. In order for a **Prospect** to become a **Customer**, you will need to approve their account.

> **Note:** By default, Neto is set to **Approve all retail customers automatically**.

## Enable Automatic Prospect Accounts

There are a number of reasons you would enable Automatic Prospect accounts in Neto such as:

- Running a wholesale business
- Only offering your products to a local area or group
- High value items where accounts need to be reviewed

1. In your Neto control panel select **Settings & tools** > **All settings & tools**.
2. Select **Customer Settings**.
3. On the **Customer Settings** page, untick **Approve all retail customers automatically** and **Save**.

> **Note:** All new account registrations will be Prospects before they create an order, regardless of whether the **Approve all retail customers automatically** setting is set to yes or no, .

## Prospect Registration Process

To process for a prospect to register on your website is:

1. Customers register for an account on your Neto webstore.
2. The registration is successful.
3.   - Inactive
  - Prospect

  The **Prospect** will appear in your Neto control panel as:

Customers will be unable to log in with their account until it is approved.

Two emails will be generated from this action.

This email is generated by the **Customer Registration Welcome Email (To Customer)**.

-   1. Your customer will receive an email notifying them of their registration:
    Thank you for registering with Neto!

    Your registered details:

    Username: 112311563865
		Password: ---- (not sent via e-mail for security reasons)

    You may return to the homepage here: www.mystore.com.au

  You will receive an email notifying you of the registration:

  This email is generated by the **Customer Registration Notification Email (To Company)**.

Both of these emails can be changed via the email templates page. In your Neto control panel navigate to **Setup & tools** > **All settings & tools** > **Email Templates** > **Customer Registration Emails**.

## Approve Prospect Customers

To approve prospects:

1. In your Neto control panel navigate to **Customers** > **Prospect**. Select the Prospect you would like to approve.
2. On the **Customer Card**, tick the **Active** box and **untick** the **Prospect** box. **Save**.