---
title: "Customers Overview"
articleID: 1566
category: "Use Neto > Customers > Overview - Customers"
knowledgeBase: "Neto By Maropost"
---

# Customers Overview

**Customers** are users that have registered for an account on your Neto Webstore and are approved to login and buy from your site.

> **Note:** Neto will approve all new retail customers automatically. If you would like newly registered customers to become Prospects and require account approval, click [here](https://galaxy.maropost.com/kb/articles/1561-prospects-overview) for more information.

## Customer Registration Process

1. Customers register for an account on your Neto webstore.
2. The registration is successful.
3. The **Customer** will appear in your Neto Control Panel as **Active**

Two emails will be generated from this action.

- You will receive an email to let you know:

> **Note:** This email will be sent to the **System Email** set in your Neto control panel.

  This email is generated by the **Customer Registration Notification Email (To Company)**.
- Your customer will receive an email notifying them of their registration:
  This email is generated by the **Customer Registration Welcome Email (To Customer)**.

Both of these emails can be changed via the email templates page. In your Neto control panel navigate to **Settings & tools** > **All settings & tools** > **Email Templates** > **Customer Registration Emails**.

## Overview of the Customer Card

- [1. User Details](https://galaxy.maropost.com/kb/articles/1566-customers-overview#overview)
- [2. Addresses](https://galaxy.maropost.com/kb/articles/1566-customers-overview#user-details)
- [3. Payment Details](https://galaxy.maropost.com/kb/articles/1566-customers-overview#addresses)
- [4. Account](https://galaxy.maropost.com/kb/articles/1566-customers-overview#payment-details)
- [5. Files](https://galaxy.maropost.com/kb/articles/1566-customers-overview#account)
- [6. Other](https://galaxy.maropost.com/kb/articles/1566-customers-overview#files)
- [7. Store Locations](https://galaxy.maropost.com/kb/articles/1566-customers-overview#other)
- [8. Contact Log](https://galaxy.maropost.com/kb/articles/1566-customers-overview#store-locations)
- [9. Quick Action Menu](https://galaxy.maropost.com/kb/articles/1566-customers-overview#contact-log)

## User Details

This is where you enter the general information about a customer or prospect.

If you are setting up a customer account, you can create your own password or click the random generation button and tick the **Email Password to User** option to notify the customer that their password has changed.

Select a [User Group](https://galaxy.maropost.com/kb/articles/693-customer-groups) for the customer which determines the product visibility and pricing the user can see. By default this is set to Price Group A.

## Addresses

The primary billing and shipping addresses associated with this customer.

You can add multiple shipping addresses here however keep in mind that when a customer checks out whilst logged in, it will automatically use the last shipping address they used.

## Payment Details

Information related to the customer's payment method.

**Default Document Template** allows you to use different invoice templates, especially useful when running multiple businesses or serving different clients.

**Default Invoice Terms** gives customers time to pay their accounts.

**Preferred Payment Method** is just the default payment method the customer uses. They can still pay using different methods when logged in as a customer on the website.

## Account

**Credit Limit** is useful when the customer has the option to pay on account. You must have a payment method setup for **account payment** so it can be selected at checkout.

**Manually Add Credit to Account** is another way to give a customer credit on their account. To remove the credit, just simply press the **pay refund** button below the available credit (will only appear if a credit is present).

It's not recommended using this method to give customers credit for RMA's. Instead, read our article on RMA's.

**On Credit Hold** is a way to prevent customers ordering on your site if they have an outstanding balance.

## Files

Add the ability to upload related files on the customer's card. Store images and documents.

This feature requires the **Customer Files** addon from the Addon store.

## Other

Add advanced customer fields to the customer card including permissions, classifications, identification & parent customer.

This feature requires the **Advanced Customer Fields** addon from the Addon store.

## Store Locations

A searchable list of your stores/resellers where customers can be assigned to the closest outlet to their location. Outlets are marked on an interactive map.

This feature requires the **Store Finder** addon from the Addon store.

## Contact Log

This section is used to record interactions with the customer, including times/dates.

## Quick Action Menu

- Click the **Add** button to add new orders and payments.
- Click the **History** button to lookup previous orders, RMA's and wish lists.
- Click the **Merge** button to merge two accounts together.
- Click the **Login as Customer** on the website so you can view and test the website as a customer.